chore: setup livesync for console and terminal. (#3925)
timescale/docs: _partials/_livesync-console.md

import PrereqCloud from "versionContent/_partials/_prereqs-cloud-only.mdx";
import LivesyncLimitations from "versionContent/_partials/_livesync-limitations.mdx";
import LivesyncConfigureSourceDatabase from "versionContent/_partials/_livesync-configure-source-database.mdx";
import EarlyAccess from "versionContent/_partials/_early_access_2_18_0.mdx";

## Prerequisites

<PrereqCloud />

- Install the [PostgreSQL client tools][install-psql] on your sync machine.

>   This includes `psql`, `pg_dump`, and `pg_dumpall`.

Reviewer: Not required.

Author: Removed

> <EarlyAccess />

Reviewer: Not required

Author: Removed

## Limitations

<LivesyncLimitations />

## Set your connection string

This variable holds the connection information for the source database. In Terminal on your migration machine, 
set the following:

```bash

> export SOURCE="postgres://<user>:<password>@<source host>:<source port>/<db_name>"

Reviewer: not required

Author: You need the $SOURCE param to run the commands in https://docs-dev.timescale.com/docs-3923-docs-rfc-add-console-live-sync-instructions/migrate/3923-docs-rfc-add-console-live-sync-instructions/livesync/#tune-your-source-database

```

<Highlight type="important">
Avoid using connection strings that route through connection poolers like PgBouncer or similar tools. This tool 
requires a direct connection to the database to function properly.
</Highlight>

## Configure the source database

<LivesyncConfigureSourceDatabase />

## Synchronize data to your $SERVICE_LONG

![Livesync wizard](https://assets.timescale.com/docs/images/livesync-wizard.png)

<Procedure>

1. **Connect to your $SERVICE_LONG**

   In [$CONSOLE][portal-ops-mode], select the service to sync live data to. 
1. **Start livesync**
   1. Click `Actions` > `See more`. 
   1. In `Import Data`, click `livesync for PostgreSQL`.

1. **Connect the source database and target $SERVICE_SHORT**

   In `livesync for PostgreSQL`:
   1. Set the `Livesync Name`.

>    2. Set  `PostgreSQL Connection String` to the value of `$SOURCE` and press `Continue`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   2. Set the` PostgreSQL Connection String` to point to the source database you want to sync to Timescale.
```
